in 2010 a devastating series of
avalanches tragically killed 175 people
here in the southern pass northern
Afghanistan many of those who died were
trapped within this two point six
kilometre tunnel with snow blocking both
of these entrances in response to the
2010 Avalanche the International
Security Assistance Force and the Afghan
government started an avalanche
mitigation project here at salon
Avalanche expert Marty smoker has spent
the last four years training Afghan
authorities in north Oni how to respond
shit such a disaster occur again but
also how to anticipate avalanches before
they happen
our job here it was to put together and
assist the Afghans in a sustainable
Avalanche control program for the
country of Afghanistan we were able to
bring them to where now that they are
capable of conducting their own weather
forecasting their Avalanche forecasting
and there's no mitigation everyone
Estonia casually : Kristin is back sorry
Giada hi Yvonne stone Mont AHIMA chef
Kristin hi Anil Castano Manitoba
mortified over Makana more that I mean
kohake Natalia - Angela team serve the
fertility chemo bhutanam or green orange
or the devotion as catarata verçosa
Octavio de Rosas
the rural food in Peruvian emo is Sasuke
di Balarama metonym
as he tarried Bahamut on a food coma
economy using their forecasting
knowledge Marty's Afghan team can
pre-emptive lunches having evacuated
areas at risk they assist the Afghan
National Army in shooting at the
mountains accurately dislodging the snow
in a controlled manner
for Zuma's Latimer Mia's asked Eroica
Commack Makana he programmability
Miranda Bamiyan Badakhshan de Conde
Norris tohno-kun are cooler tomorrow
Majnu yeah
Mota's our admission he programa was a
terrible Suzanne Toboso
I'm leaving today this is my last
mission here - salang I've thoroughly
enjoyed working here it's an eye-opening
experience the people are very friendly
and accommodating there they're just
really good people with mati heading
home and his mission here completed the
reins are firmly in Afghan hands to
continue the much-needed work conducted
here for natochannel in afghanistan this
is jackson ago